---
description: 'Release date: 31.5.2023'
title: v1.0.3-latest
---

# v1.0.3-stable

<Subtitle/>

## How to install?

### **Kubernetes**

``` bash:line-numbers{2}
helm repo add memphis https://k8s.memphis.dev/charts/ --force-update &#x26;&#x26; 
helm install --set memphis.image="memphisos/memphis:stable" memphis memphis/memphis --create-namespace --namespace memphis --wait
```

More information can be found in the [Memphis k8s deployment](/docs/deployment/kubernetes/) documentation.

### **Docker compose (Syntax for v2)**

```bash
curl -s https://memphisdev.github.io/memphis-docker/docker-compose.yml -o docker-compose.yml && docker compose -f docker-compose.yml -p memphis up
```

More information can be found in the [Memphis Docker deployment](/docs/deployment/docker-compose.md) documentation.

## :sparkles: Added features

* Tiered storage improvements, including AWS SDK V2, to support broader compatible object storage such as MinIO, Cloud storage, DigitalOcean spaces, and more. \
  Thanks, @[Bastiaan Schaap](https://github.com/bjwschaap), for the fantastic contribution.
* Integration keys encryption.
* Python SDK users can now produce a `dict` object to a station with an enforced protobuf schema.
* Go SDK - prefetch has been added.\
  Prefetching optimization to improve throughput. Before returning a set of records to the user in consume(), the consumer will initiate the next round of fetches in order to pipeline the fetching overhead and message processing. More [here](/docs/memphis/concepts/consumer.md#prefetching).\
  Thanks, @[Dev Pahuja](https://github.com/devpahuja), for the contribution!
* Performance improvements.
* GUI loading improvements.
* Client libs updates: Node.js SDK (1.0.5) Go SDK (1.0.2) Python SDK (1.0.2) .NET SDK(0.1.1)

### :bug:Fixed bugs

* Atomicity issues of unacked messages while being routed to the DLS (dead-letter) were lost in some edge cases - fixed
* `msgID` structure was missing a validation - fixed
* GUI shows a corrupted message payload when the encoding is different from utf8 - fixed

## :pensive: Known issues

* When storage capacity reaches 100%, Memphis GUI becomes unresponsive till cleaned up by at least 10%.
* DLS messages are not cleaned up on station removal.
* Slower connection establishment with the broker when connecting through localhost.
* Critical bug: Cluster crash when rebooting a broker.
